Como hacer para eliminar las conexiones (physical links)
--------------------------------------------------------


During the time that a slave device is actively connected to a piconet there is
always a default ACL logical transport between the slave and the master
device. There are two methods of deleting the default ACL logical transport.
The first method is to detach the device from the piconet physical channel, at
which time the entire hierarchy of L2CAP channels, logical links and logical
transports between the devices is deleted.

The second method is to place the physical link to the slave device in the park
state, at which time it gives up its default ACL logical transport. This is only
allowed if all other logical transports have been deleted (except for the ASB
logical transport that cannot be explicitly created or deleted.) It is not allowed to
park a device while it has any logical transports other than the default ACL and
ASB logical transports.

When the slave device physical link is parked, its default ACL logical transport
is released and the ASB logical transport is replaced with a PSB logical trans-
port. The ACL-C and ACL-U logical links that are multiplexed onto the default
ACL logical transport remain in existence but cannot be used for the transport
of data. The Link Manager on the master device restricts itself to the use of
LMP messages that are allowed to be transported over the PSB-C logical link.
The Channel Manager and L2CAP Resource Manager ensure that no L2CAP
unicast data traffic is submitted to the controller while the device is parked. The
Channel Manager may decide to manage the parking and unparking of the
device as necessary to allow data to be transported.



4.1.2 Detach
The connection between two Bluetooth devices may be detached anytime by
the master or the slave. An error code parameter is included in the message to
inform the other party of why the connection is detached.


4.5.2.1 Master requests slave to enter park state
The master can request park state. The master LM shall pause traffic on the
ACL-U logical link (see Baseband Specification, Section 5.3.1, on page 108)
and then send an LMP_park_req PDU. If the slave agrees to enter park state it
shall pause traffic on the ACL-U logical link (see Baseband Specification, Sec-
tion 5.3.1, on page 108). and then respond with an LMP_accepted PDU.


